make the promote toggle in the edit tab acuttaly work correctly  --- done


make the filter options work or dont (i dont know)-- done



make the IMAGES of the Featured Applications get them from the MONGODB base64 pictures -- done








make it where users can edit there feedback post or delete it

change back the STRIPE to prod keys and URL's see the UNIX COMMANDS file























AVL Trees:

AVL trees are self-balancing binary search trees where the heights of the left and right subtrees of any node differ by at most 1. Key properties:

1. Balance Factor
- For each node, height(left) - height(right) must be -1, 0, or 1
- If balance factor is outside this range, rebalancing is needed
The balance factor of -1, 0, or 1 indicates how balanced a node is:

Balance Factor = 0:
   10        The left and right subtrees have equal height
  /  \       This is perfectly balanced
 5    15     Height difference = 0
 
Balance Factor = +1:
   10        The left subtree is one level taller
  /  \       Still acceptably balanced 
 5    15     Height difference = +1
/
2

Balance Factor = -1:
   10        The right subtree is one level taller
  /  \       Still acceptably balanced
 5    15     Height difference = -1
      \
      20

Unbalanced (needs rotation):
   10        Left subtree is two levels taller
  /  \       Balance factor = +2
 5    15     Requires rebalancing
/
2
/
1

2. Operations
- Insert: O(log n) - Standard BST insert followed by rebalancing
- Delete: O(log n) - Standard BST delete followed by rebalancing 
- Search: O(log n) - Same as regular BST search

3. Rebalancing
Done through rotations:
- Left rotation
- Right rotation 
- Left-Right rotation
- Right-Left rotation

4. Advantages
- Guaranteed O(log n) operations
- More balanced than regular BSTs
- Good for frequent lookups

5. Disadvantages  
- Extra space for height info
- More complex insert/delete
- Red-black trees may be better for frequent modifications

AVL trees are ideal when lookup speed is critical and modifications are less frequent.







Functional Requirements:

  The primary goal of a Use Case model is to describe the system's intended functionality from actors' (users or other systems) perspectives.
  Use cases define the specific actions that actors are able to perform with the system, describing event sequences and interactions.
  The PowerPoint emphasizes this by stating that a use case "defines a set of use-case instances, where each instance is a sequence of actions a system performs that yields an observable result of value to a particular actor."
  Examples in the PowerPoint, like "Register for Courses" and "Login," are direct functions the system must perform.

Non-Functional Requirements:

  Although Use Case models don't state non-functional requirements, they do set a context within which non-functional requirements are applied.
  According to the PowerPoint, "The nonfunctional requirements and functional requirements not covered by the use cases are incorporated into the supplementary specifications."
  That is, non-functional requirements (e.g., performance, security, usability) are documented separately but are linked to functions described in the Use Case model.
  The PowerPoint gives examples of non-functional requirements:
      Functionality
      Usability
      Reliability
      Performance
      Supportability
      Design constraints

Example:

Consider the use case "View Report Card" from the PowerPoint:

  Functional Requirement: The Use Case model would specify the things that happen when a student looks at his/her report card (e.g., log in, select the report card option, display the grades).
  Non-Functional Requirement:
      A sample non-functional requirement for "View Report Card" would be: "The report card should be shown within 2 seconds of the student's request" (Performance).
      This non-functional requirement does not change the steps of the use case, but puts a quality constraint on how that functionality has to be done.

Summary:

  The Use Case model deals mainly with specifying the system's functional behaviour.
  Non-functional requirements are important but tend to be formulated in other specifications referring to the use cases as a point of reference to make sure that the functions are offered with the desired qualities.